translate "Events" (#602)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/development/configuration/events/_index.en.md

weight: 400
---

## Activate generation of events in your application

{{%notice info%}}

> To allow generating events for your application it must refer to nugetversion >= 1.2.4.
> See how you uppdate nugetreferences for your applikation [here](../update/#nuget-pakker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow generating events for your application it must refer to nuget version >= 1.2.4.
See how you update nuget references for your application [here](../update/#nuget-packages).
```

Reviewer: Of course, assuming that the `../update/` page is/will be translated

}
```

> 1. The private variable in the servicen is included in the class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The private variable in the service is included in the class
```

        }
    ```

4. In the method where you need to generate an event you call the service.

>     Here the selfdefined event has recieved the name `app.test.event`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here the self defined event has received the name `app.test.event`,
```

    }
    ```

> 6. Your application is now ready to generate a selfdefined event during instantiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Your application is now ready to generate a self defined event during instantiation.
```
